Add description with links for the Product settings (#1247)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/settings.md

![]({% link images/images/product-settings-include-sources.png %}){: .zoom}
_Product Settings_

|Setting|Description|
|--- |--- |
|[Sources]({% link catalog/sources.md %})|The list of sources from which the product can be distributed.|
|[Content]({% link catalog/product-content.md %})|Is used to enter and edit the main product description that appears on the product page.|
|[Configurations]({% link catalog/product-configurations.md %})| The lists of any existing variations of the product and can be used to generate variations for use with the Configurable product type.|
|[Product Reviews]({% link catalog/settings-advanced-product-reviews.md %})|The lists of all reviews that customers have submitted about the product.|
|[Search Engine Optimization]({% link catalog/product-search-engine-optimization.md %})|Specifies the URL Key and metadata fields that are used by search engines to index the product.|
|[Related Products, Up-Sells, and Cross-Sells]({% link catalog/related-products-up-sells-cross-sells.md %})|Is used to set up simple promotional blocks that present a selection of additional products that might be of interest to the customer.|

> |[Customizable Options]({% link catalog/settings-advanced-custom-options.md %})|Adds customizable options to a product.|

Author: @leslietilling Could you please clarify what I need to change here? Seems your suggestion is the same with my

> |[Customizable Options]({% link catalog/settings-advanced-custom-options.md %})|Adds customizable options to a product.|

Reviewer: I think this one was a GitHub UI glitch.  Ignore.

|[Product in Websites]({% link catalog/settings-basic-websites.md %})| Identifies each website where the product is available, according to the store hierarchy.|
|[Design]({% link catalog/settings-advanced-design.md %})|Allows a different theme to be applied to the product page, changes the column layout, determines where product options appear and enter custom XML code.|

> |[Gift options]({% link catalog/product-gift-options.md %})|Can be set at the product level to allow a gift message to be included during checkout.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Gift options]({% link catalog/product-gift-options.md %})|Used to enable or disable a gift message option during checkout at the product level.|
```

> |[Downloadable Information]({% link catalog/product-downloadable-information.md %})|Is used to generate the links to downloadable products and samples.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Downloadable Information]({% link catalog/product-downloadable-information.md %})|Used to generate the links to downloadable products and samples.|
```
